He has stomach problems and drinks too much
Almost stomach bleeding
In a bad mood
You can't waste your body like this
Zhou Huanxi
Nothing to drink so much
Nothing wrong. Take care of yourself
What, a nightmare?
Was anyone else here just now?
Uh, no.
I'm always here.
Miss Jiang, why are you here?
Mr. Su
It was my son who saw Mr. Zhou here alone
So I came to see
Since President Su is here
I'll go first then.
You went to see Zhou Haijing?
The doctor just came
He said that the little brother is in good condition
Now is the opportune time for surgery
I'll figure it out about the money
No need, Brother Xiaoyu
That necklace will be sold tomorrow.
Sorry I'm late.
Mr. Su